Student Sun Qian
No teacher
I don't know the number of courtesies to frame the teacher and expel the millet sword from today
Cannot be hired forever
If you dare to do this, I will make it clear to the saint and the traitor
Come and stay with me
Please let me wait.
I won't let you go.
Now you and the Sun family are completely torn apart
It's gone forever.
What's the difference?
Besides, isn't that what the Emperor wants to see?
It seems that you understand His Majesty's intentions very well
Of course, I know that when it comes to knives, there is a difference between knives
Good as long as you work hard
Your Majesty will not treat you unfairly
As for the Sun family
His Majesty specifically explained
The Sun family is behind the foundation of Chaozhong
If you tear your face
It is easy to cause turmoil in the court
So His Majesty won't help you.
Everything is up to you.
If you can move to this big tree in Sun's house
Your Majesty will understand from now on
This officer is also very optimistic about you.
It's getting late.
I should also go back to the palace to report
Take care.
Welcome sir
Hey, I can't believe it took so much effort to move to Sun's house
Looks like I need to take the initiative